Improve readme, update maintainers (#171)
hyperledger-labs/orion-sdk-go: README.md

# Orion Blockchain Database - Go SDK

A Go SDK for the [Hyperledger Labs Orion](https://github.com/hyperledger-labs/orion-server) Blockchain Database.

> The SDK allows the user to easily connect to an Orion database cluster and execute data transactions and queries, as 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The SDK allows the developer to conveniently connect to an Orion database cluster and execute data transactions and queries, as 
```
